Unsized structs (#246)
minirust/minirust: spec/lang/well-formed.md

                ensure_wf(size.bytes() % align.bytes() == 0, "check_aligned: element size not a multiple of alignment")?;
            }
            LayoutStrategy::TraitObject(..) => (),
            // The size and align computation aligns the size.

>             LayoutStrategy::Tuple {..} => (),

Reviewer: Shouldn't this recurse into the tail?

                t.check_wf::<T>()?;

                match t {
                    Type::Tuple { sized_fields, unsized_field, .. } => {

>                         ensure_wf(unsized_field.is_none(), "ValueExpr::Tuple: aggregating an unsized tuple")?;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                        ensure_wf(unsized_field.is_none(), "ValueExpr::Tuple: constructing an unsized tuple value")?;
```

            }
            Field { root, field } => {
                let root = root.check_wf::<T>(locals, prog)?;
                let field_ty = match root {

>                     Type::Tuple { sized_fields, unsized_field, .. } if field == sized_fields.len() => {

Reviewer: Please add a FIXME saying we'd like to match `unsized_field` on `Some` here but specr currently does not support that.

            }
            Field { root, field } => {
                let root = root.check_wf::<T>(locals, prog)?;
                let field_ty = match root {

>                     Type::Tuple { sized_fields, unsized_field, .. } if field == sized_fields.len() => {

Reviewer: This logic is duplicated with the one for actually executing a field projection, I think.

Seems better to have a helper method like `get_field` or so that implements this logic just once. You might want to add a `struct TupleType` holding the fields of `Type::Tuple` to have some natural place to put this method.

            Field { root, field } => {
                let root = root.check_wf::<T>(locals, prog)?;
                let field_ty = match root {
                    Type::Tuple { sized_fields, unsized_field, .. } => {
                        if field < sized_fields.len() {
                            sized_fields[field].1
                        } else if field == sized_fields.len() {
                            let Some(unsized_ty) = unsized_field else {
                                throw_ill_formed!("PlaceExpr::Field: invalid field");
                            };
                            unsized_ty
                        } else {
                            throw_ill_formed!("PlaceExpr::Field: invalid field");
                        }

>                     } Type::Union { fields, .. } => {

Reviewer: Please add a newline for the next match arm
